 CONCIERGE SCOPE OF WORK#
Greet and when applicable, open the doors for tenants, visitors and guests.
Answer the phones located at the front desk.
Assisting tenants, prospective tenants, visitors, delivery persons, contractors
with basic building information.
Notifying tenants of the arrival of guests and deliveries if requested by the tenant/company.
Maintaining a log of all building visitors and applicable shift incidents and activities.
Respond to any alarms of the building to include fire, intruder, HVAC etc.
Enforce building policies and procedures.
Immediately call the appropriate authorities to report any and all suspicious individuals or incidents.
Act as a deterrent to building violators.
Enforce building access control systems.
Help in the evacuation of the building during an emergency.
Contacting the on-call technician for after-office emergencies and building management as warranted.
Maintain a log of all incidents, damages, concerns or other pertinent information as requested by Management on a daily basis.
Complete shift checklists daily as directed by Management.
Actively monitor CCTV and conduct Foot patrols for security of amenity spaces and common areas
Packages/Dry Cleaning – The concierge will sign for packages/dry cleaning, log them in Building Link and notify residents through the same portal and distribute them.
Have a working knowledge of the geographic area including all major amenities, cultural and special events, restaurants and local entertainment.
Offer assistance and/or information to residents and visitors regarding the properties facilities as well as the surrounding area, restaurants, shopping and attractions
Maintain a clean and well-organized work environment, including package room
Concierge staff will provide referrals and/or assist in the coordination of: Airport pick-up and drop off, Limousine and town car services
Dry cleaning & Maid services, Restaurant recommendations, directions, Pet sitting and walking services.
Have knowledge of Saflok key system
Assist management with request for residents including but not limited to maintenance requests
May be required to lift/move packages up to 50lbs
Answer calls professionally and assist callers
Manage visitor parking and provide visitors with parking permit
